Speaker1:
So the first question for you is if you had to listen to
three albums for the rest of your life and only three. Which
albums would they be?
Speaker2:
That's a hard one. I listen to a lot of people, but a whole
album. Let's do listen to Beyonce. So I'm bringing all the
way back to maybe Dangerously in Love. I can listen to that
that whole album. Right, right, right. Classic. Classic. Who
else? Drake. Take care. Who else?
Let's see one more and I'll throw out a name.
Throw out a name?
Speaker1:
Name? Kendrick.
Kirk. Franklin.
Speaker2:
Kirk. What album was that?
If we want to bring in gospel, the album with melodies of
melodies from heaven know that's all to listen to a lot of,
like, old stuff, like old CDs. Nothing really new.
Speaker1:
But that's good, though.
Speaker2:
Those would be my three.
Speaker1:
Nice choice. Okay, so what are three things that you can't
live without?
Speaker2:
Music. Even I could barely name three albums. I listen to a
lot of music, so I'll say music. I love working out
my puppies. I have two dogs. What kind of dog? One is
Chihuahua. I'm picking Pekinese. And then the other one I
just adopted. He's so cute. I just think to Milo. I've only
had him for, like, two weeks, so I don't know what he is,
though. They didn't really tell me, but I think he's like
Chihuahua and Terrier. But I'm not too sure.
Speaker1:
You dropped him from, like, a shelter.
Speaker2:
Or something. So, Fulton County, I don't know if you guys
live here in Atlanta, but they're in need of people to adopt
the dogs. They had like five dogs in each cage, but it's
gone down to like two or three per cage. But if you need a
dog, please go adopt because yeah, they need homes.
Speaker1:
Okay, well, next question is, if all jobs and professions
paid the same amount of money and you could do any of them,
which one would you do?
Speaker2:
Oh, to be honest with you, I would love to just give back to
people. Like if I can get paid to just give back or have
like a non-profit where you actually get paid for it. I
would do that because that's really all I want to do is just
give back and help people.
Speaker1:
Now, when you think of giving, what do you mean? Like, is it
time or possessions, money? What's your favorite way to
give?
Speaker2:
I would say money. I would also say possessions as well.
And it can be like food, like food, clothing. If I could
give shelter, I mean shelter to the homeless, I would do
that because a lot of times, like, you know, how people like
have extra clothes and like things like that, like all
literally, like pull over and be like, you need something.
I'll have like a trunk full of stuff. I know my friends
would be like, What are you doing? Just land them in your
trunk. But yeah, yeah. Interesting. I know. Right.
Speaker1:
Where does where does that desire to just give come from? Is
it always been like that since you were a kid or was that
instilled in you by someone?
Speaker2:
I honestly feel like we can't. There's things in life that
will happen to us that we can't control sometimes. And I
feel like we should still treat everybody, you know, the
same with love. So I feel like I've kind of always been this
way. I don't think anything, like, really happened for me to
feel this way. But yeah, I just like giving back to people,
and I want people to be happy.
Speaker1:
Your parents, are they the same way?
Speaker2:
Yes, my mom. My mom is very, very giving. Like she'll give
you the shirt off her back. If there wasn't so much crime,
we would actually allow people to, like, stay with us and do
things like that. But, you know, some people, you know, you
just don't know. So.
Speaker1:
Yeah, especially these days, right?
Speaker2:
Yeah. It can be crazy.
Speaker1:
And speaking of that, have you ever found yourself in a
situation where you were giving just out of the goodness of
your heart and people end up trying to take advantage of
that?
Speaker2:
Oh, that's a good one.
I'm not going to tell a story. But I will say people that
are closer to me or friends where you kind of give or let
them have things, but they don't really reciprocate,
reciprocate it. And I had to learn that people know what
they're doing. Like sometimes they're like, Oh, well, I used
to give people the benefit of the doubt. Like, No, she
wouldn't do that. Or No, she's not just trying to take from
me, but there are people that do do that and that will just
keep taking, take and taking, not giving. Or when they
borrow money from you and you want that, you know, you're
just like, okay, when you can pay me back and I'm like, I'll
get to what I get to do. When you borrow money from them or
need something, it's like, Okay, where's my money? Yeah,
exactly. I'm like, Oh, my goodness. Like what? So yeah, it
can be tricky sometimes.
Speaker1:
But how do you react in those situations? Because at least
in my mind, if you're giving at least the right way to give,
it's like you don't really expect anything in return. You're
just doing it because you want to. So when people try to
take advantage of your willingness to give, how does that
make you feel?
Speaker2:
Honestly, it makes me feel it's so it makes me feel taken
advantage of.
It just depends. I feel like you learn people. So although
I'm not wanting anything in return, it's still like
or something that are ungrateful. I'll say it's more like an
ungrateful thing. So I think grad. To kind of goes a long
way for me. There's some people that may not care but me.
I'm like, okay, thank you. I'll be nice. I appreciate it.
Yeah. Just know you appreciate it because if you don't
appreciate it, then I don't have to do it. You know, I can
help someone else. That does appreciate it.